The most distant villas in Yuncheng are all in this Genting Heaven Palace
One of the best is this Genting Villa
Legend has it that there are beauty and beauty in it
Longevity Yunyu Onsen
This is also our universe
I want to be with the gold producer Miss Chenxi
Collaboration
If Miss Dawn
If you promise to cooperate with Huanyu today
Then these things are yours.
Compared to some people, it's only rhetoric
But not a penny
And I'd say it's quite an achievement.
you
Yu Zong's kindness in my heart
But I said I won't cooperate with Huaiyu.
Won't change my mind
Dawn I understand
Don't you just want more benefits?
Just say it.
I can afford it when I'm pregnant
The total value is quite large
These things are only 200 million
For the average person, it may be a sky-high price.
But it's all rubbish to me
Chenxi, you have to toast and not eat punishment wine
Said the gifts I gave were rubbish
Gu Jinxi, do you still have any knowledge?
About Mr. Yu
A Genting Villa is worth nearly 100 million
I'm afraid you haven't even heard of the name
Where did the face blow snow?
This Genting Villa is the top place in Genting
This woman hates even this
Mr. Yu, you sent this.
It's not Genting Villa with cloud springs on the top of the mountain, right?